前言

A particularly promising trend that has been taking place in healthcare is the marriage of biomedical research with engineering practices.
在医疗保健领域出现的一个特别有希望的趋势是生物医学研究与工程实践的结合。
A friend of mine, an engineer, recently described to me a meeting that took place at one of America s most prestigious universities between the faculties of the engineering department and the cardiology department exploring just such opportunities.
我的一位工程师朋友最近向我描述了在美国最著名的一所大学，工程系和心理系的院系正在探索这样的机会。
Having decided to focus on constructing a practicable mechanical human heart, the head of cardiology began his presentation with a description of the properties of the human heart.
在决定集中精力建造一个可行的人类机械心脏之后，心脏病学的负责人开始了他的报告，描述了人类心脏的特性。
Almost immediately an engineer interrupted, asking Does it have to be in your chest?
一个工程师几乎立刻打断了他，问他是不是一定要放在胸口?
Could it be, say, in your thigh where it would be easier to reach?
是不是在你的大腿上，那里比较容易够到?
No one in the room had ever considered that possibility.
房间里没有人考虑过这种可能性。
Nonetheless, the presentation continued.
尽管如此，演示仍在继续。
Soon another interruption occurred;
不久，另一个干扰出现了;
this time it was another engineer asking, Instead of just one heart could you have three or four small hearts integrated in a distributed system?
这次是另一个工程师问，你能不能在一个分布式系统中集成三到四个小心脏而不是一个心脏?
No one had thought of that either.
也没有人想到这一点。
System Architecture, so insightfully presented in this book by three of the field s most highly regarded leaders, is about asking and answering just such questions.
在这本书中，由该领域三位最受尊敬的领导人所提出的系统架构就是关于提出和回答这样的问题。
In my own career I have encountered system architecture questions in fields ranging from engineering to business to government.
在我自己的职业生涯中，我在工程、商业和政府等领域遇到过系统架构问题。
When established practices of the field of system architecture are applied, far superior outcomes seem to result.
当应用系统架构领域的既定实践时，似乎会产生远为优越的结果。
Applying such practices has not always been the case.
应用这种做法并不总是如此。
Early in my career I recall asking various of my colleagues who were working together on a guided missile program why they had chosen a particular design approach for their specific element of the product.
我记得在我职业生涯的早期，我曾问过很多同事，他们一起在一个导弹项目中工作，为什么他们要为产品的特定元素选择一种特定的设计方法。
One replied, Because it is the lowest weight.
一个人回答说:“因为它的重量最低。”
Another assured me that his part would have the lowest radar cross-section.
另一个人向我保证，他那部分的雷达横截面是最低的。
Still another answered because her component would be less costly.
还有一个回答，因为她的组件更便宜。
And yet another had focused on minimizing volume.
而另一个则关注于体积最小化。
And so it went.
就这样。
What was missing?
遗失了什么?
The answer is a system architect.
答案是系统架构师。
This shortcoming is too often encountered, usually in more subtle ways.
这个缺点是经常遇到的，通常以更微妙的方式。
Consider the case of the Near-Sonic Transport aircraft that was in the early stages of development a few years ago.
考虑一下近音速运输机的例子，几年前它还处于发展的早期阶段。
A marketing survey had indicated that airline passengers want to get to their destinations faster.
一项市场调查表明，航空公司乘客希望更快到达目的地。
To an aerodynamicist (my own early field), if one wishes to avoid the penalties of supersonic flight, that translates into more closely approaching Mach One, creeping up on the drag curve into a regime wherein fuel consumption abruptly increases.
对于一个空气动力学家(我自己的早期领域)来说，如果一个人想要避免超音速飞行的惩罚，那就转换成更接近1马赫的速度，在阻力曲线上爬升到一个燃料消耗突然增加的状态。
This was, in fact, the underlying concept of the Near-Sonic Transport.
事实上，这是近声传输的基本概念。
But when viewed from a system architecture perspective, the appropriate question is not how to fly faster;
但是从系统架构的角度来看，合适的问题不是如何飞得更快;
rather, it is how to minimize the time to get from one s home, to the airport, check-in, pass through security, board the aircraft, fly, collect baggage and travel to one s final destination.
相反，它是如何将从某人的家到机场、办理登机手续、通过安检、登机、飞行、领取行李和旅行到他的最终目的地的时间减至最少。
Placed in this context, an even more fundamental question arises: How much will a passenger pay to save five or ten minutes of flying time?
在这种情况下，一个更基本的问题就出现了:为了节省5或10分钟的飞行时间，乘客会花多少钱?
The answer turns out to be, not much and the Near-Sonic Transport aircraft thus met its early, and deserved, demise.
答案是，没有太多，因此近音波运输机早早地就被淘汰了。
There are clearly better
当然还有更好的
opportunities in which to invest if one s objective is to help passengers reach their destinations more rapidly.
如果一个人的目标是帮助乘客更快到达目的地，那么他就有投资的机会。
The failing in this case was to not recognize that one was dealing with a problem of system architecture...
这种情况下的失败在于没有意识到自己正在处理系统架构的问题……
not simply a problem of aerodynamics and aircraft design.
这不仅仅是空气动力学和飞机设计的问题。
My own definition of a system evolved over years of experience.
我自己对系统的定义是在多年的经验中逐渐形成的。
It is two or more elements that interact with one another.
它是两个或两个以上的元素相互作用。
The authors of this book wisely add that the resultant functionality must exceed the sum of functionalities of the individual elements.
本书的作者明智地补充说，最终的功能必须超过单个元素功能的总和。
Thus simple in concept, the complexity of most real-world systems is enormous.
因此，在概念上很简单，但现实世界中大多数系统的复杂性是巨大的。
In fact, the equation describing the number of possible states a system of several elements (that interact in the simplest of all manners) has been aptly named, The Monster!
事实上，描述由几个元素(以最简单的方式相互作用)组成的系统的可能状态数的方程被恰当地命名为“怪物!”
And when a system includes humans, as many systems do, the challenge of system architecting becomes all the more immense due to the presence of unpredictability.
当一个系统包括人类时，就像许多系统一样，由于不可预测性的存在，系统架构的挑战变得更加巨大。
But these are the kind of systems that one encounters, and are the kind of systems that the authors show how to deconstruct and address.
但这些都是我们遇到的系统，也是作者展示如何解构和处理的系统。
One such system that I had the occasion to analyze concerned provisioning the (human occupied) U.S. station at the Earth s South Pole.
我曾有机会分析过这样一个系统，它与美国在地球南极站(人类居住)的供应有关。
Setting the specific objective of the evaluation in itself required care ...
制定具体的评估目标本身就需要谨慎……
as is often the case.
这是常有的事。
Was it to minimize expected cost?
是为了最小化预期成本吗?
Or to minimize worst-case cost in the face of uncertainty, say, due to weather?
或者是在面对不确定性时，比如由于天气，将最坏情况的成本降到最低?
Or perhaps to minimize regret that is, when supplies are not delivered at all?
或者也许是为了尽量减少遗憾，当供应品根本没有送达?
Or . ..?
或者。。?
In the case of this particular system there are a number of elements that must interface with one-another: cargo ships, ice breakers, aircraft of various types, ice piers for off-loading, storage facilities, traverse vehicles, communications...
在这个特殊的系统中，有许多要素必须相互连接:货船、破冰船、各种类型的飞机、卸载冰码头、存储设施、横越车辆、通信……
and, underlying all decisions, was the ever-present danger of single-point failure modes creeping into the architecture.
而且，在所有决策的基础上，始终存在的单点故障模式潜入体系结构的危险。
In the business world one of the more complex problems faced in my career was whether and how all or major parts of seventeen different companies could be combined to create the Lockheed Martin Corporation.
在商界，我职业生涯中遇到的一个比较复杂的问题是，十七家不同公司的全部或主要部分是否可以合并，如何合并，从而创建洛克希德·马丁公司。
Each of the elements had its strengths and its weaknesses;
每一种元素都有其长处和弱点;
each involved large numbers of humans, each with their own goals, capabilities, and limitations;
每一个都涉及大量的人，每个人都有自己的目标、能力和局限性;
and critical to the decision, the whole had to have significantly greater functionality than the sum of the parts.
对这个决定至关重要的是，整体的功能要比部分的总和大得多。
If the latter were not the case, there would be no reason to pay the financial premium that is implicit in most mergers and acquisitions.
如果不是后者，就没有理由支付多数并购交易中隐含的财务溢价。
Sadly, in engaging complex questions of this type there is no simple mathematical formula that will reveal the right answer.
遗憾的是，在处理这类复杂问题时，没有简单的数学公式能揭示正确答案。
However, the discipline of systems thinking proves to be an invaluable tool in assessing exposure, opportunities, parametric sensitivities, and more.
然而，系统思维的训练被证明是评估暴露、机会、参数敏感性和更多的无价工具。
In the above case, most people judge that the answer came out right which, incidentally, contrasts with nearly 80 percent of similar undertakings.
在上述情况下，大多数人认为答案是正确的，顺便说一句，这与近80%的类似情况形成了对比。
One of the authors of this book and I, along with a group of colleagues, had the occasion to propose to the President of the United States a human spaceflight plan for America for the next few decades.
这本书的作者之一和我，还有一群同事，有机会向美国总统提议美国未来几十年的载人航天计划。
In this instance perhaps the most difficult challenge was to define a useful mission, as opposed to the (non-trivial) task of defining an appropriate hardware configuration.
在这种情况下，可能最困难的挑战是定义一个有用的任务，而不是定义一个适当的硬件配置的(非琐碎的)任务。
Fortunately, such issues are amenable to solution through system thinking.
幸运的是，这些问题是可以通过系统思维来解决的。
As the authors point out in the material that follows, the process of establishing the architecture of systems is both a science and an art.
正如作者在接下来的材料中指出的那样，建立系统架构的过程既是一门科学也是一门艺术。
But, as is so elegantly portrayed herein, there is a Darwinian phenomenon wherein systems embodying the mistakes of the past do not survive;
但是，正如这里优雅地描述的那样，存在一种体现过去错误的系统不复存在的达尔文现象;
whereas those that embody sound architectures generally do survive and even prosper.
然而，那些包含声音架构的人通常确实生存下来，甚至繁荣起来。
That, of course, is what architecting complex systems is all about.
当然，这就是构建复杂系统的全部内容。
We wrote this book to capture a powerful idea.
我们写这本书是为了抓住一个有力的观点。
The idea of the architecture of a system is growing in recognition.
系统架构的思想正在得到越来越多的认可。
It appears in diverse fields including the architecture of a power grid or the architecture of a mobile payment system.
它出现在不同的领域，包括电网架构或移动支付系统架构。
It connotes the DNA of the system, and the basis for competitive advantage.
它隐含着这个体系的DNA，以及竞争优势的基础。
There are over 100,000 professionals with the title system architect today, and many more practicing the role of the architect under different titles.
现在有超过100,000名拥有职称体系架构师的专业人员，还有更多的人在不同的职称下实践着架构师的角色。
Powerful ideas often have nebulous boundaries.
强大的想法往往有模糊的界限。
We observed that many of our co-workers, clients, students had a shared recognition of system architecture issues, but used the term in very different scopes.
我们注意到，我们的许多同事、客户、学生都对系统架构问题有共同的认识，但是在非常不同的范围内使用这个术语。
The term is often used to differentiate between existing systems, as in the architecture of these two mountain bikes is different.
这个术语经常用来区分现有的系统，就像在这两辆山地自行车的架构是不同的。
What exactly constitutes the architecture of a system is often a subject of great debate.
究竟是什么构成了一个系统的架构常常是一个有很大争议的话题。
In some fields, the term is used for a singular decision that differentiates two types of systems at a high level, as in packet-switched architecture vs. circuit-switched architecture.
在某些领域，这个术语被用于在高水平上区分两种类型系统的奇异决策，如在包交换体系结构和电路交换体系结构中。
In other fields, the term is used to describe a whole implementation, save for some smaller details, as in our software as a service architecture.
在其他领域中，这个术语用于描述整个实现，而不涉及一些较小的细节，如在我们的软件即服务体系结构中。
Our goal was to capture the power of the idea of architecture, and to sharpen the boundaries.
我们的目标是捕捉架构思想的力量，并明确界限。
Much of the power of idea originates with the potential to trade among several architectures early, to look downstream and identify which constraints and opportunities will be central to value.
许多想法的力量来源于早期在几个架构之间进行交易的潜力，去寻找下游并确定哪些约束和机会将是价值的中心。
It isn t possible to trade among early ideas if the architecture encompasses all details, nor is it a meaningful exercise if important drivers of value are missing.
如果架构包含所有的细节，那么在早期的想法之间进行交易是不可能的，如果缺少重要的价值驱动因素，那么这也不是一个有意义的实践。
We wrote this book to build on the idea that the architect is a specialist, not a generalist, as proposed by Eberhardt Rechtin.
正如Eberhardt Rechtin所建议的，我们写这本书是基于架构师是专家而不是通才的观点。
Our intent is to showcase the analysis and methodologies of system architecture, and to develop the science of system architecture.
我们的目的是展示系统架构的分析和方法，并开发系统架构的科学。
This text is less prescriptive in places than the discipline of product design, as the systems tackled are more complex.
这篇文章在某些地方比产品设计的规程更少规定性，因为处理的系统更复杂。
Where the product development community has a stronger focus on design, our focus centers more on emergence the magic of functions coming together to produce a coherent whole.
当产品开发社区更关注设计时，我们的焦点则更多地集中在功能的出现上，即功能聚集在一起形成一个连贯的整体。
We ve imbued this book with our past experience.
我们把过去的经验写进了这本书里。
We ve been fortunate to be involved in the early development of a number of complex systems in communications, transportation, mobile advertising, finance, robotics, and medical devices, ranging in complexity from farm equipment to the International Space Station.
我们有幸参与了通信、交通、移动广告、金融、机器人和医疗设备等一系列复杂系统的早期开发，涉及从农业设备到国际空间站的各种复杂系统。
Additionally, we have included case studies from the experience of other system architects, in disciplines ranging from hybrid cars to commercial aircraft.
此外，我们还包括了从混合动力汽车到商用飞机的其他系统架构师的经验案例研究。
Our intent was that this book can only advance system architecture if it works from challenges faced by system architects today.
我们的意图是，这本书只有在系统架构师今天所面临的挑战中工作时才能推进系统架构。
We wrote this book for two core audiences professional architects and engineering students.
我们为两个核心读者写了这本书，专业的建筑师和工程专业的学生。
System architecture as an idea grew out of practitioners wisdom and attempts to codify the challenges of developing new architecture.
系统架构作为一种想法，是由从业者的智慧产生的，并试图将开发新架构的挑战编入法典。
One core audience is senior professionals who are faced with architectural decisions.
一个核心受众是面临架构决策的高级专业人员。
The field encompasses a variety of professionals in senior technical and managerial roles in technical industries software, electronics, industrial goods, aerospace, automotive, and consumer goods.
该领域包括在技术行业软件、电子、工业产品、航空航天、汽车和消费品中担任高级技术和管理角色的各种专业人员。
This book is also focused on engineering students as a core audience.
这本书也把工程专业的学生作为核心读者。
This text grew out of the graduate course we have taught at MIT for the past 15 years, where we ve been fortunate to educate many leaders in the private sector and government.
这本书是从我们过去15年在MIT教授的研究生课程中衍生出来的，在那里我们很幸运地培养了很多私营部门和政府的领导者。
The lens of architecture helps us understand how a system operates today, but moreover, we believe that it is a necessary competency to learn in the management of technical organizations
架构的镜头帮助我们理解今天系统是如何运行的，而且，我们相信这是在技术组织管理中学习的必要能力

We d like to thank the many people that made this book possible.
我们要感谢那些使这本书得以出版的人们。
First and foremost, our thanks to Bill Simmons, Vic Tang, Steve Imrich, Carlos Gorbea, and Peter Davison who contributed sections from their expertise, and who all provided comments on early drafts.
首先，我们要感谢Bill Simmons, Vic Tang, Steve Imrich, Carlos Gorbea和Peter Davison，他们贡献了他们的专业知识，并对早期的草案提供了评论。
We re indebted to Norm Augustine, who in addition to contributing the foreword, shaped our thinking on the topic.
我们再次感谢Norm Augustine，他除了贡献了序言之外，还塑造了我们对这个主题的思考。
Our reviewers Chris Magee, Warren Seering, Eun Suk Suh, Carlos Morales, Michael Yukish, and Ernst Fricke helped us deliver crisp messages and helped identify where we had missed key ideas.
我们的评审员Chris Magee、Warren Seering、Eun Suk Suh、Carlos Morales、Michael Yukish和Ernst Fricke帮助我们传达清晰的信息，并帮助我们确定哪些地方漏掉了关键的想法。
We also received a number of anonymous reviews, whose feedback improved the book.
我们还收到了一些匿名的评论，他们的反馈改进了这本书。
Dov Dori has been an invaluable partner as the developer of the OPM.
作为OPM的开发者，Dov Dori是一个非常宝贵的合作伙伴。
Pat Hale supported the development of the curriculum at MIT, and provided feedback on an early draft.
Pat Hale支持麻省理工学院课程的发展，并对早期的草稿提供了反馈。
The 63 students of the MIT System Design and Management Class of 2011 reviewed each chapter in detail and provided mountains of suggestions.
麻省理工学院2011年系统设计与管理课程的63名学生详细回顾了每一章，并提出了大量的建议。
In particular, our thanks to Erik Garcia, Marwan Hussein, Allen Donnelly, Greg Wilmer, Matt Strother, David Petrucci, Suzanne Livingstone, Michael Livingstone, and Kevin Somerville.
特别要感谢Erik Garcia, Marwan Hussein, Allen Donnelly, Greg Wilmer, Matt Strother, David Petrucci, Suzanne Livingstone, Michael Livingstone和Kevin Somerville。
Ellen Finnie Duranceau at MIT Libraries helped us choose a publisher wisely.
麻省理工学院图书馆的Ellen Finnie Duranceau帮助我们明智地选择了出版商。
Our graduate students over the years have helped shape the book s content much of their work appears here in one form or another.
我们的研究生多年来帮助塑造了书的内容，他们的大部分工作出现在这里的一种或另一种形式。
In addition to those mentioned above, we d like to thank Morgan Dwyer, Marc Sanchez, Jonathan Battat, Ben Koo, Andreas Hein, and Ryan Boas.
除了上面提到的，我们还要感谢Morgan Dwyer, Marc Sanchez, Jonathan Battat, Ben Koo, Andreas Hein和Ryan Boas。
We would like to thank Eun Suk Suh for his contributions to the Global Edition as well.
我们也要感谢Eun Suk Suh对全球版的贡献。
The staff at Pearson made our book a reality Holly Stark, Rose Kernan, Erin Ault, Scott Disanno, and Bram van Kempen.
培生的员工把我们的书变成了现实，霍莉·斯塔克、罗斯·克南、埃琳·奥尔特、斯科特·迪桑诺和布拉姆·范·肯普森。
Thanks for all your hard work.
谢谢你的辛勤工作。
Finally, to our wives Ana, Tess, and Karen, thanks for your patience as we labored on weekends and during vacations, enduring the risk that this project become a forever book.
最后，感谢我们的妻子安娜、苔丝和凯伦，感谢你们的耐心，我们在周末和假期辛苦工作，冒着这个项目成为一本永恒的书的风险。
